---
layout: page
#permalink: /meeting06102021/
---
### Mid-Year Meeting 06 10 2021

### Topics

This meeting is devoted to share updates between consortium members, present and interact with the industrial panel. 
This meeting is hosted by Sorbonne University and will be located at Jussieu, Room 25-26 105, 1st floor, access through Tower N°26.

### Attendees
Stef Graillat, Thibault Hilaire, Emeric Martin, Quentin Ferro, Fabienne Jézéquel, Mathys Jam, El-Mehdi El Arar, Bruno Lathuilière, Theo Mary, Julien Signoles, Franck Védrine, Davide Mancusi, Pablo Oliveira, Devan SOHIER, Ghislain Lartigue, Roman Iakymchuk, 
Defour David, Eric Petit, Wilfried Kirschenmann, Mickaël Abbas, Yves Lhuillier.


### Program
<table>
<tr>
<th> Time </th>
<th> Topic </th>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>9h00 - 9h30</td>
<td>Welcome & Coffee </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>9h30 - 10h00</td>
<td> Presentation & administratives update of the project (David DEFOUR) </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>10h00 - 10h30</td>
<td> User Board presentation ( Eric PETIT + Wilfried KIRSCHENMANN )</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>10h30 - 11h00</td>
<td> COFFEE </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>11h00 - 11h30</td>
<td> Sparse matrix vector in mixed precision ( Théo MARY, LIP6 )</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>11h30 - 13h30</td>
<td> LUNCH </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>13h30 - 14h30</td>
<td> Nsan integration Presentation, Demo & Discussion on shadow memory ( Mathys JAM, UVSQ Intern ) </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>14h30 - 15h00</td>
<td> ARM Front-End ( Yves LHUILLIER, CEA )</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>15h00 - 15h30</td>
<td> Update on Task 5 ( El-Medhi EL-ARAR, UVSQ )</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>15h30 - 16h00</td>
<td> COFFEE </td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>16h00 - 17h00</td>
<td> Discussion on tasks and deliverables. </td>
</tr>

</table>

